welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're going to once again embrace other
cultures with the 2006 korean horror
film
the host if you've ever eaten fish and
wondered what if fish
eat you subscribe to the channel let's
get to it
we open in a mortuary at a u.s army camp
the supervising officer is of the
time to lean time to clean variety his
hatred of dust even extends to the
contents of any dusty containers
causing him to behave as a total doucher
and give an order to empty many bottles
of formaldehyde into a drain that
empties into the nearby han river
the real kicker is that the dusty
bottles are still here afterward so what
was the point we then flash forward to
a man on the edge notices a disturbance
below the surface of the water but he's
going in either way
we then transition to gung-do sleeping
at his father's food stand passing the
time until he can see his daughter he
unsue again they have plans to watch his
sister namjoo's archery competition on
television but
he's interrupted from this to correct a
customer's order which he wanders out to
deliver
everyone seems to be staring at and
trying to identify a strange object
hanging from the bridge so he joins in
on the fun game but before he can
venture a guess
the big slippery ball sack slides into
the water the observers then engage in
the time-honored tradition of chuck and
crap at it until it swims off they're
then surprised to find it galloping at
them from the sidewalk
going into full berserker mode and
thrashing about chucking them into the
water
as the archery competition wraps up
hyunsoo emerges only to get caught up in
the rushing mob
bugandu loses her in the confusion and
she's taken by the creature
then the area is cordoned off and taken
over by the military
later at the evacuation barracks namjoo
arrives and submits her award to
hyunsoo's memorial
even though it's only a bronze and her
uncle namil
also arrives to pay his respects
resulting as is so often the case
in a family tumble they've barely
finished this tradition before the
authorities roll in to de-louse the
crowd and herd them into buses like
cattle
on their way the news informs us they
suspect a virus has been unleashed by
the creature
and only special forces trained in
biological warfare are active in these
search and cleanup efforts the family
reunites at the quarantine hospital
where they plan additional tests for
gong do having come in direct contact
with the creature
and despite explicit orders to the
contrary he indulges in a little can of
cartilage
after hours his fine treat is
interrupted by a call from hyunsoo
talking about being in a large sewer
somewhere and obviously confirming that
she's still alive
the next morning they have a hard time
convincing the authorities that their
story is true so they make
other arrangements soon they're casually
running at full speed through the
hospital meeting with their getaway van
in the parking garage they come up a
little short on their black market
invoice but managed to seal the deal and
walk away with a fumigation van stocked
with weapons
from here they find that they can enter
the restricted zone with little effort
and only minor bribery and with that
they begin their work fumigating and
checking sewers
meanwhile we see hinsu keeping a low
profile in the monster's pit hoping it
will deposit a body with something
functional for her to use
on its return she's given a pit buddy in
young as they get acquainted her family
is back at the food stand resting up
when gang do notices the monster is just
outside
shaw shanking in the rain when they
attract its attention it overturns the
trailer but a headshot puts it down
unfortunately a second headshot wakes it
back up again despite their weapons
being of little use grandpa decides to
pursue the kill
and is ultimately ragdolled by the beast
gung-do is unable to leave him resulting
in his subsequent capture
with the situation out of control
there's now the risk of us forces
deploying the agent yellow protocol
a chemical solution that's tentatively
described as safe
we then move on to nam il connecting
with an old activist contact who now
works for a telecom company and can
trace hyunsoo's prior call
as they work we see this is just a ploy
for some reward money
luckily namiel is able to get the
coordinates and is also a very talented
escapist making it as far as the bottom
of a nearby ravine before texting the
intel to namjoo and passing out namjoo
later gets the text and tells the info
to gang do before facing down the
monster and getting knocked into a
narrow deep crevasse
gong do as a result asks for a brief
recess to go run some errands but
unfortunately it's therapy time and they
need to sample his tissues
just in time the cdc arrives he asks
about gangdu's daughter seemingly with
genuine concern but then confirms this
was
just a test and diagnoses him as being
riddled with dementia he confides that
they've discovered delirium from
misinformation to be the true
viral culprit here as autopsies of the
victims have shown no virus presence
of course the language barrier here acts
as a natural veil of silence for this
secret information
so now it's lobotomy time meanwhile the
kids pass the time by fantasizing about
eating and fashioning a grappling hook
but they discovered that they didn't
give it enough length then the monster
returns but this time just to deliver
some trinkets
back at the hospital gang do plays
lobotomy patient but he's just teasing
and he manages to use the threat of his
presumably tainted blood to get to an
ambulance and escape
elsewhere namiel wakes up and scores a
guide to the bridge making some
combustibles along the way
hyunsoo and siju wake up and find the
creature sleeping soundly she endeavors
to go for help by using the monster's
back as a springboard to the rope but
she doesn't end up in quite the position
she had hoped as it wakes up and comes
after them
gang do arrives shortly after seeing
that his daughter has left and he chases
the monster past namjoo's position
resulting in all the siblings converging
on the bridge at around the same time
the monster bee lines for the agent
yellow protesters
and right as it makes landfall they dump
out the neurotoxin this stuns it and
allows gong-do to get shoulder-deep in
that esophagus and pull out the kids
now mill starts chucking cocktails at it
but runs out as it delights in the
petrol shower so namjoo steps up jabbing
some flaming debris on her
arrow and lighting up gong-do then
manages to prevent it from making it to
the water
resulting in its eventual expiration in
the aftermath the homeless siju wakes up
but hyun soo
does not in wintertime we see gong do
manning the food stand
ever watchful of the water's edge he's
taken in siju who's now living his ideal
life
spent with an abundance of food and
eating it in toasty comfort
feel free to check out my website to
support the channel through donations or
merch donations earn you a link to an
uncensored review of toby hooper's life
force and emerges a combination of logo
apparel and general horror themed items
and a huge thanks to my donators
memorialized in the hall of headshots
the host was a very interesting and
intricate movie while you may get the
general idea of what's going on from
this video
it's also full of dry humor and nuanced
cultural subtext it's worth multiple
full watches to take it all in
if you enjoyed the video i'd love for
you to become a part of the channel by
subscribing
thanks for watching